feat: Add Simli Trinity models support to pipecat (#2217)
pipecat-ai/pipecat: CHANGELOG.md

  pushed by the `BaseInputTransport` at Start and any time a
  `VADParamsUpdateFrame` is received.

> - Add support for Simli Trinity Avatars, a new `is_trinity_avatar` parameter is added to indicate whether the Simli `faceId` is a trinity faceId or not which is essential for getting a consistent experience with trinity faces.

Reviewer: Nit: wording clarification (and line break at 80 chars).

```suggestion
- Added support for Simli Trinity Avatars. A new `is_trinity_avatar` parameter
  has been introduced to specify whether the provided `faceId` corresponds to a
  Trinity avatar, which is required for optimal Trinity avatar performance.
```
